# CarParking
Car Parking Reservation System is based on a concept to generate and maintain parking details with their total charge. Before stepping into the main system a user has to pass through a login system to get access, then only he/she can use all the features of the system which includes maintaining arrival car, view all cars, parking charges, and another one is Departure of the car.  Talking about the features of Car Parking Reservation System, while maintaining car’s arrival he/she has to provide the name of the driver, car number, parked hours, and time slot. You just have to enter license plate number and your car will park automatically on the empty slot. Under this menu, he/she can also view all the arrived car records. All the parking charges are also calculated from the System. While calculating the user has to provide information if the Car is VIP or Not. There’s discounted price for the VIP parking and normal price for other customers. The other feature is Departure of a car. This feature helps in removing car parking details as soon as it leaves the parking lot. This Mini project Car Parking Reservation system is developed using C++ Programming Language and different variables, strings have been used for the development of it. Car Parking Reservation System in C++ Programming is free to download with source code. This project provides simplest and the best system of vehicle parking.  In order to run the project, you must have installed Dev C++ or Code Blocks on your PC. (we recommend these IDE).  Feature-    1. Car Arrival 2. Total number of cars arrived  3. Total parking charges  4. Car Departure 5. VIP Discount
